I am Olli Zilla I've been mostly not
working on web UI but recently I've
managed to get some time to really dig
into it so there's basically a big
revamp project underway to take the the
web interface that's bundled with go
ipfs right now and reconsider it make it
nice and shiny so you've probably heard
of Agutter she does all of the design
work and on the screen right now
basically there's been a long project to
dig into the existing web UI and what it
does and try to figure out what it
should do and make it do it well so I
get to stun loads of incredible screens
I am not in control of light maybe we
could turn the lights out that would
make the contrast higher but I insert
here so do us a favor so what I'm going
to do is just do five minutes on the web
UI where we are today and the righteous
hacks that I've been doing this week
which is to build out the IP of the
exploring page using the new dagger API
so we've got some cool screenshots it's
gonna be rad blah blah blah files files
can get added there's gonna be sweet
sharing page cuz ipfs is going to be a
really nice way of sharing files I can
feel it but this is what I want to talk
about today this is the wireframe for
the IP of the Explorer and so with
Victor's take-two started some work on
like a CID inspector so we want to like
incorporate what we figured out there
and trying to use some of their already
existing good visuals for describe it
like showing people what multi formats
mean so my goal for the explorer is to
make it partly like for power users to
kind of really dig in and see what their
graph looks like but also partly for new
users to start getting a and ensure an
intuition about what's going on under
the hood so it's kind of got two
purposes so this is the wireframe that
Agata did and so I have started
implanting it and this is what we have
today so you can now traverse through
Seabourn nodes and protobuf nodes
I can make that a little bigger doing it
but you just paste in your hash as you
do in the existing one and this this is
skip straight to the weird demo for
Volkers benefit that the deduplication
where you've got a situation where a
seaborne node has multiple links to the
same c ID so we've got three links but
we've only got two nodes represented in
that document so it adds a bit of work
to traverse Ybor nodes and find the
links unpack them render them nicely if
you've got say a seaborne node sorry dag
protobuf node then you get stuff for
free like you know the CID you know you
can applaud at this point that's fine
totally fine yeah so so little tricks
are like we've got these really cool
slides of like what multi hashes are so
I felt that that was a really useful
like I don't know how much we're gonna
expose end users so like you should
think about multi hashes but like people
are interested in the digest and then we
did some good work to be like well we
should we can tell comprar grams what to
expect here so trying to visualize that
we've got a spec for human readable see
IDs so let's present it to humans what
have we got here so we've got just like
familiar to developers we've got like
something that looks a bit like the
chrome console where you can just unpack
the data property of the node and then
we just present the links nicely so
inside protobuf like this is really easy
but for c ball right now you have to do
a bit more work but the cool thing is
that work is done and it was done this
week i've got like some other stuff to
talk about know that's placed a thing in
dad to hot crew there's a different node
look so you can see from Agatha's
diagram like the this will get really
fun when people start doing interesting
things with their trees with friends I
PLD because you this graph sometimes
this graph will feel a little
superfluous but it's a way of quickly
spotting when there's an interesting
tree going on so you can see here we've
got a seaborne node that link
to a sea bore and a dag protobuf and a
dag protobuf and just trying to find
ways of like indicating what these are
without like a try putting the cid in
here but theories are really long so we
just linked through from the index of
the link like zero here is zero there
trying to find like mechanisms like we
have to sort of do a path through an
object and hope that people understand
what I'm talking about there but yeah so
the fun thing is then like click through
see it oh people just click through see
you like blah blah blah
thank you going and keep going over so
that's that what else is going on
there's lots of cool stuff meanwhile I
can't show it right now but over this
just in the last two days hack D F in
week has like cranked out the file
explorer so I can't demo it or now but
what I can do this show we're trying to
do this properly so we've got things
like react story but where we can do the
UI components in isolation so you can
start to see like I've got breadcrumbs
I've got a context menu file list and
like you can start to like select things
like so these are all like there's no we
don't use so we using redux and react so
these are the react components in
isolation without all the redux plumbing
just so you can get the interactions
correct
we've also wired in an accessibility
checker so that we can make sure that
our UI components are accessible and
we'd get that feedback while we're
developing so that's going to be super
rad and then you know you've got things
like exploring different super fun see
heidi's so there is a if we want to go
show three that's what they'll start to
look like if we want to go Blake to be
they're gonna get a bit longer but you
know it supports it so that's good to
know
and errors as well important to know
this is probably like the direction the
graph is going to go in once I get even
better at SVG but at the meantime it's a
bit simpler no bezzie is for you just
yet straight lines only node info valid
are you get the gist check boxes
defaults buttons
everyone loves buttons there they are
there's buttons
I mean factor okay
get involved we are soon to become the
OPF s user interface team working group
RFC proposal if you want to state your
case and say I've got better ideas then
you come and put your issues on this
repo thank you very much I'm done
[Applause]